# python-api-challenge
Project Title:
Module 6 API Challenge

Project Description:
This is the assignment submission for challenge #6- API Challenge. The solution was completed in Jupyter Notebook under starter_code/VacationPy.ipynb and starter_code/WeatherPy.ipynb. This project runs through the Geoapify API to discuss weather trends for city locations around the world generated by citipy, as well as for vacation planning via hvplot.

Getting Started and Installation:
This project is written using Python in Jupyter Notebook, which you must install and use to run this script with. 

Download the repository. You can place the repository anywhere you want in the drive, however keep the file structure the same as the script relies on the resources folder being available in a certain spot to reference. 

Open the file in Jupyter Notebook. You can either run the code as-is or read the outputs of each cell. The summary and writeup/report for the assignment is included in the top level Markdown in the file.

The following are uploaded to Github:
All original folders including resources
Modified WeatherPy.ipynb and VacationPy.ipynb with challenge solutions.
README file (this!)

Contributors:
Christopher Yang

Acknowledgements:
I would like to thank the University of Toronto for putting together a robust program for Data Analytics, my fellow classmates as well as the wonderful Instructors and LAs at the University of Toronto for their support.

License:
This is licensed under the MIT licensing scheme. Please see separate License File for information.
